- [Instructor] In order to be truly successful
in this course,
there's a few things that you need to know.
First it's standard Java knowledge.
And when I say standard, I'm expecting you
to be a little bit more than beginner,
but maybe not advanced when it comes to Java knowledge,
because we're going to leverage it
to do all of our object-oriented development.
I do expect you to know Java 1.8 language constructs.
Now you can use Java 11 for most of our examples
without any issue,
but Java 1.8 is what I'm going to focus on
as it still seems to be the most common
in everyday use.
And for this course, indeed, we will be using JDK 8
for all of our examples.
Now I do expect you to have some basic understanding
of the Spring framework.
Consider my course, Learning Spring with Spring Boot
if you haven't worked with Spring a lot
or you want a little bit of a refresher
on how the framework itself works
and how to use it for rapid application development
because in this course, we're going to leverage Spring Boot
to get up to speed quick with the Spring framework.
Now we can't talk about design patterns
without understanding object-oriented programming,
and as such, I'm going to expect you
to be able to leverage OOP in practice.
Some basic understanding of design patterns,
what they are, or how they operate,
or even why we would use them will be helpful,
but not really required
because I'm going to talk through 'em
as we go through each of our design patterns.
And with that, we're ready to jump in.